Update AutoOps + ECK docs for removal of enterprise license requirement. (#5308)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/autoops-sm-troubleshoot-eck-no-clusters.md

:::{include} ../_snippets/autoops-allowlist-port-and-urls.md
:::

## Verify AutoOps Agent version meets license requirements

```{applies_to}
eck: ga 3.3.1
```

> The minimum AutoOps Agent version depends on your license type. If the agent version is below the minimum for your license, the `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` enters the `Invalid` phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum required {{agent}} version for the ECK installation method depends on your license type. If the agent version is below the minimum for your license, the `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` resource enters the `Invalid` phase.
```
